version:4.8.0
Millénaire: Song Inhabitants

Village heads

Zhanshi Gou : General. This man lives in a fortress together with his soldiers. He patrols the village at night and kill anyone who endangers the village.

Huangdi : Emperor. The Huangdi will run a a village from the imperial palace. He makes the village work hard and encourages them to pray. He is highly protected by the military. He manages the whole culture.

Nong : Chief. This man is really a peasant but the Chinese wanted their culture to advance in argiculture. They built this village with hardwork.

Gongren : Chief Worker. The Gongren helps in the production of gunpowder and ceramics to trade it to other nations.
NEW_PAGE
Women

Nu Minbing : Woman Warrior. This woman warrior lives at the barracks with the soldiers. You really thought she justs deliver resources but she kills anyone who gets against her.

Fu taitatai : Lady. This woman makes the village happy. She is a wife of an emperor.

Qizi : Wife. These women do the tasks that the men don't want to do like tend to the fields, make thatch and cook food. This is boring, backbreaking work but they can't complain without certain repercussions. However without these women the village will be paralized.

Nu shongren : Female Merchant. These merchants were wives of the great merchants. They do this for the living.
NEW_PAGE
Men

Famu gongren : Lumberman. This man knows his trees and knows which ones to cut down for building. He raises each tree from a sapling till they are tall enough to be chopped down for wood. He will also take part in raiding other villages.

Gongren : Worker. This man creates gunpowder and ceramics usually in factories. With out this man, the village will not have roofs.

Jundui shimsi : Army smith. This smith crafts the greatest colonized weapons of the Song Dynasty.

Gongjiang : Smith.  This man creates the tools needed to produce more for the village.

Zhanshi : Warrior. These Zhanshi Warriors are the most well skilled fighters of the Song Dynasty. These were verterans from the Jin Dynasty war, If i were you, I wont kill these guys.

Shangren : Merchant. These Shangren go far beyond their reach to trade with the other villages. They get lots of reward back home.

Yu : Fisherman. This fisherman always ask help from his wife to fish for him. Sometimes, the fish pond will become ice so he cannot fish.

Quanggong : Miner. They mine all night and day to get a goal of expanding Song. They work together.

Seng : Monk. The Seng is a very respectable man and knows the way of Buddhism deeply. These monks make books and guide the villagers to a better future

Nu shongren : Peasant. Peasants build buildings in the village and farm on the rice paddy. He will also slaughter chickens for food. There is no rest for the peasants.
NEW_PAGE
Children

Nanhai : Boy. Plays around the village and slower grows older.

Nuhai : Girl. Plays around the village and slower grows older.